Properly detect multiple licenses and validate them. (#11888)
ethereum/solidity: Changelog.md

Bugfixes:
 * Name Resolver: Fix that when importing an aliased symbol using ``import {AliasedName} from "a.sol"`` it would use the original name of the symbol and not the aliased one.

>  * Parser: Properly check for multiple SPDX license indentifiers and validate them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Parser: Properly check for multiple SPDX license identifiers and validate them.
```

Reviewer: Also maybe it would be good to clarify a bit:
```suggestion
 * Parser: Properly check for multiple SPDX license identifiers next to each other and validate them.
```
